Chapter 4
The Rational & Irrational Countries (Q vs Q')

As I walked beyond the Town of Integers, the land slowly changed. The buildings of whole numbers faded, and I found myself standing at the edge of a wide circular zone filled with a new set of numbers, fractions. I looked around. before I could speak, a message appeared...

System Message:
Current Location: Fraction District
Surrounding Zones Detected:
- Decimal District
- Percentage District

----

System Note:
The three districts circle the town of integers. They contain numbers that are not whole but still belong to the Rational Country.

Decimal District - Numbers written in decimal form (Terminating and repeating) (e.g, 0.6, 5.4, 3.777)

Fraction District - Numbers written as fractions (e.g, 3/4, 1/4, 8/9)

Percent District - Numbers written as percentages (e.g, 60%, 75%, 16.66%)

System note:
Rational Country is composed of any number that can be written as a fraction in the form a/b where:
- a and b are integers
- b not equal 0

System Tip: If the decimal stops or repeats, it is rational.

----

I walked around the district and I saw a bridge going to an unknown island.

System Message: 
Beyond the bridge is the Irrational Country

----

System Note:
Irrational Country composed of those numbers that cannot be written in fraction form. These include non-repeating decimals.

Non-repeating decimal and non-terminating decimal examples: (page 19)

System Tip: If the decimal never stops and never repeats, it is irrational.

-----

As I looked at the bridge, I noticed numbers running toward my direction.

System Message: 
Some numbers have attempted to enter the Rational Country. 
Do not allow irrational numbers to pass through.
The system highlighted the intruders on the bridge.

System Message:
"Boundary instability detected."
"Rational numbers can be written as fraction of integers."
"Irrational numbers cannot be written as fractions."

System Message:
Border Verification
"Verify these intruders: 1.6666...., 1, 0.75, (page20)

------

I guided 1, 0.75, and 1.6666... inside.
I led ... to the Irrational Country

System Feedback:
"Boundary secured."
System Message:
"Sacred Gems Acquired: Q & Q'."